[#53045] update file storages docs (#15021)
opf/openproject: docs/user-guide/projects/project-settings/file-storages/README.md

The Nextcloud file storage is now available to all work packages in this project. 

> **Note:** For information on how to use the file storage (link Nextcloud user accounts at a user level, link files to a work package, view and download linked files, unlink files), please read our [Nextcloud integration user guide](../../../file-management/nextcloud-integration/). 

> If you have not yet have access token for the file storage in a project, you will be nudged to log into your file storage. You can choose to login immediately to establish the connection or to do it later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not yet have an access token for the file storage in a project, you will be prompted to log into your file storage. You can choose to login immediately to establish the connection or to do it later.
```
